a messiah was 25 years old when he
became King and he reigned 29 years in
Jerusalem his mother's name was G ho
admin of Jerusalem and he did what was
right in the sight of the Lord but not
with a loyal heart now it happened as
soon as the kingdom was established for
him that he executed his servants who
had murdered his father the king however
he did not execute their children but
did as it is written in the law in the
book of Moses where the LORD commanded
the fathers shall not be put to death
for their children nor shall the
children be put to death for their
fathers but a person shall die for his
own sin moreover Amaziah
gathered Judah together and set over
them captains of thousands and captains
of hundreds according to their fathers
houses throughout all Judah and Benjamin
and he numbered them from twenty years
old and above and found them to be three
hundred thousand choice men able to go
to war who could handle spear and shield
he also heard one hundred thousand
mighty men of valor from Israel for one
hundred talents of silver but a man of
God came to him o King do not let the
army of Israel go with you for the Lord
is not with Israel not with any of the
children of Ephraim but if you go be
gone be strong in battle even so God
shall make you fall before the enemy for
God has power to help and to overthrow
then Amaziah said to the man of God but
what shall we do about the hundred
talents which I have given to the troops
of Israel the Lord is able to give you
much more than this
so Amaziah discharged the troops that
had come to him from Ephraim to go back
home therefore their anger was greatly
aroused against Judah and they returned
home in great anger then Amaziah
strengthened himself and leading his
people he went to the valley of salt and
killed ten thousand of the people of
Seir also the children of Judah took
captive ten thousand alive brought them
to the top of the rock and cast them
down from the top of the road were
dashed in pieces but as for the soldiers
of the army which a messiah had
discharged so that they would not go
with him to battle they raided the
cities of Judah from Samaria - Beth
Hogan killed three thousand in them and
took much spoil now it was so after a
messiah came from the slaughter of the
but he brought the gods of the
people of Seir set them up to be his
gods and bowed down before them and
burned incense to them therefore the
anger of the Lord was aroused against
Amaziah and he sent him a prophet
why have you sought the gods of the
people which could not rescue their own
people from your hand have we made you
the Kings counsellor cease
why should you be killed from the
profits East I know that God has
determined to destroy you because you
have done this and have not heeded my
advice now amaziah king of judah asked
advice and sent to Jewish the son of
jehovah's the son of ji Hugh King of
Israel come let us face one another in
battle and Jewish king of Israel sent to
a messiah king of judah the Thistle that
was in lebanon sent to the cedar that
was in lebanon saying give your daughter
to my son his wife and a wild beast that
was in lebanon passed by and trampled
the Thistle indeed you say that you have
defeated the and your heart is
lifted up to boast stay at home now
why should you meddle with trouble that
you should fall you and Judah with you
but a messiah would not heed for it came
from God that he might give them into
the hand of their enemies because they
sought the gods of Eden
so joash king of israel went out and he
and amaziah king of judah faced one
another at beth shemesh which belongs to
cooter
and Judah was defeated by Israel and
every man fled to his town then joy the
king of Israel captured Amazon the king
of judah the son of joy the son of
Jehovah's at beth shemesh and he brought
him to Jerusalem and broke down the wall
of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to
the corner four hundred cubits and he
took all the gold and silver all the
articles that were found in the house of
God with obed-edom the treasures of the
king's house and hostages and returned
to Samaria Amaziah the son of joash king
of judah lived fifteen years after the
death of jewish the son of Jehovah's
king of israel now the rest of the acts
of a messiah from first to last indeed
are they not written in the book of the
kings of judah and israel after the time
that a messiah turned away from
following the Lord they made a
conspiracy against him in Jerusalem and
he fled to lakish
but they sent after him to lakish and
killed him they then they brought him on
horses and buried him with his father's
in the city of Judah